Cute, Cute, Cute, Cute, Flemish, and
Botafogo goes until the people are not so
as well as dilma in which it begins
the game Corinthians and Flemish and I think
The Flemish team plays everything or nothing
on here
look at the fault committed on the
Gaucho championship for sure the tire
dry but sometimes the extra problems
field just motivating within the field and
there is no doubt Luciano the Flemish needs
is giving the fans a great
presentation even when he beat the Basque
of the range did not convince and nothing better than
a traditional adversary such as the
Come on and watch the Flemish.
Renato tried but the crossing was
divided in the hour book marcelo
marcelo arrived together sent by the line
background in cute corner
I think the corner renato right and the
judge gave goal kick
I shot the goal I went samba starts to
corner it was clear and hi
hence the orientation of the championship
brazilian soccer
looks at the failure of the defense arrived
corinthians the big chance of
face face corinthians
away from that incredible thing
left-piá my God of heaven
I'm scared of a flamenco here right from the start.
one minute of the game
It's for this boy it 's difficult, it's because
he is in the position of the only player in the
Flemish and Brazilian Daniel selection
today there is a great deal of pressure to
The return of the little one goes outside the renato
there by the half-right field of attack of the
Flemish, she is better off scandalized.
for the corinthians team the domain
was the player and returns to the team
it's ronaldo
laterally left park team are
jorge torres minutes from maracanã 0 to
the flamengo 0 for corinthians but the
Flemish is lit on top
for launch
are jobs are asking for a penalty there
the old man, remembering that in this
game will have a number two the number 10
from jaú my beloved daughter already
one day and has been firming up in the
Flemish is a boy but he has a
abiliity
It worked.
Look at the chance of the Flemish Zinho ronaldo
Ronaldo
come here
ball swapped by the grandson beautiful vision of
Jiabao márcio game of chance the
corinthians won the big area let's
see if the goal out of the intersection
corinthians ol the corinthians here at
maracana
the whole play was drawn in the
left wide to
right giba closed fast and then paulo
Sergio inaugurated for Corinthians in the
maracana
grandson the grandson's launch took paulo
Sergio the center-forward who already scored a goal
hence from caucaia by fabinho again the
corinthians in the vicinity of the
Flemish area looks at the net crossing
It was in the shadow Paulo Sergio Kenny
this for braã the flight goal
Corinthians Corinthians in the
maracanã the corinthians devastating
The devil was very close to the
leftover
will start the second half in maracanã
2 for corinthians 0 for flamengo
the Flemish team left
the change in the black red team
marcelinho entered and left the ailton number
fabinho
the botafogo won the palm for 1 to 0
in the park antarctica
already my good ball to ronaldo in
first game
Flemish and renato came to the bank
telling us we're going to turn the tables
old and celebrating the goal
is touching the net from the outside
I had the impression that she was going to
screen the team marking failures of the
corinthians remain the same as
first time 2 corinthians o flamengo
Look, I'm the man, took the ball.
defender left almost the renato of garden
a ronaldo the sensational
Look the djalminha will try to go alone
to do even a song and
related sells in a great move that
that the young man's toss had
deserved the goal
paulo sérgio being looked at left side
can the whipping method lead
ball in great toss at the end to
Fabinho, beauty does not come, it 's Carlos.
miracles to positions and he was the hand
head of a great goalkeeper defense
Flamengo ends love Maracanã
corinthians towers flemish one
sports channel the sport channel